 Choose an enemy minion. At the start of your turn, destroy it.
 At the start of the corrupting player's turn, destroy this minion.
 Destroy an enemy minion.
 Destroy a damaged enemy minion.
 Battlecry: Destroy your opponent's weapon.
 Destroy a Demon. Restore 5 Health to your hero.
 Destroy your weapon and deal its damage to all enemies.
 Give a minion +5/+5. At the start of your next turn, destroy it.
 This minion has +5/+5, but will be destroyed soon.
 Destroy any minion damaged by this minion.
 Taunt. Battlecry: Destroy one of your Mana Crystals.
 Destroy a friendly minion and deal its Attack damage to all enemy minions.
 Battlecry: Destroy the minions on either side of this minion and gain their Attack and Health.
 Battlecry: Destroy your hero and replace it with Lord Jaraxxus.
 Destroy all minions except one. (chosen randomly)/
 Stealth. Destroy any minion damaged by this minion.
 All minions lose Stealth. Destroy all enemy Secrets. Draw a card.
 Battlecry: Destroy your opponent's weapon and draw cards equal to its Durability.
 Secret: When a minion attacks your hero, destroy it.
 Destroy a random enemy minion.
 Charge.  At the end of the turn, destroy this minion.
 Battlecry: Destroy a Murloc and gain +2/+2.
 Battlecry: Destroy all other minions and discard your hand.
 Battlecry: Destroy a random enemy minion with 2 or less Attack.
 Battlecry: Summon a 2/2 Pirate and destroy all Ninjas.
 Destroy a hero's weapon.
 Destroy all heroes.
 Destroy a player's Hero Power.
 Destroy all of a player's Mana Crystals.
 Pick a player and destroy one of his Mana Crystals.
 Choose a hero. Destroy all Secrets controlled by that hero.
 Spawn into play to destroy the AI's Hand and Deck.
 At the start of your turn, destroy this minion and draw 3 cards.
 Destroy any minion damaged by this minion.
 Destroy all non-Skeleton minions.
 Deathrattle: Destroy the minions next to this one as well.
 Deathrattle: Destroy your opponent's weapon.
 Destroy a random enemy minion. Combo/: And your opponent's weapon.
 At the end of each turn, destroy this minion if it's your only one.
 At the start of your turn, if you have at least 3 Mechs, destroy them all and form V-07-TR-0N.
 Battlecry: Destroy a Beast.

 Destroy all minions.
 Destroy a minion.      Battlecry: Destroy an enemy minion with Taunt.      Battlecry: Destroy a minion with an Attack of 7 or more.    Destroy a minion with 3 or less Attack.       Destroy a minion with an Attack of 5 or more.