 Freeze a character. If it was already Frozen/, deal 4 damage instead.
 Destroy your weapon and deal its damage to all enemies.
 Force an enemy minion to deal its damage to the minions next to it.
 Secret: When your hero takes damage, deal that much damage to the enemy hero.
 Choose One - Deal 3 damage to a minion; or 1 damage and draw a card.
 Silence a minion, then deal 1 damage to it.
 Deal 2 damage to 2 random enemy minions. Overload: (2)
 Freeze a minion and the minions next to it, and deal 1 damage to them.
 Destroy a friendly minion and deal its Attack damage to all enemy minions.
 Draw a card and deal damage equal to its cost.
 Deal damage equal to your hero's Attack to a minion.
 Your cards and powers that restore Health now deal damage instead.
 At the end of your turn, deal 1 damage to this minion and summon a 1/1 Imp.
 Secret: When your opponent plays a minion, deal 4 damage to it.
 Your Hero Power becomes 'Deal 2 damage'. If already in Shadowform: 3 damage..
 If you have a Mech, deal 4 damage randomly split among all enemies.
 Deal damage to each minion equal to its Attack.
 Whenever this minion deals damage, restore that much Health to your hero.
 At the end of your turn, deal 2 damage to a non-Mech minion.
 Deal 1 damage to a random minion. Repeat until a minion dies.
 

Deal 1 damage to a minion for each Armor you have.

Deal x damage to all characters except Ysera.
Deal x damage to all minions with Deathrattle.
Deal x damage to HIMSELF.

Deals double damage to heroes.

Random:
Deal x damage to two random enemy minions.
Deal x damage randomly split between all other characters.
Deal x damage randomly split among enemy characters.
Deal x damage to a random enemy.
Deal x damage to a random enemy minion.



---- DONE --- 

Deal x damage. 
Deal x damage to a minion. 
Deal x damage to an undamaged minion. 
Deal x damage to a character.
Deal x damage to an enemy character
Deal 3 damage to a minion and the enemy hero.
Deal 5 damage to a minion and 2 damage to adjacent ones
Deal 4 damage to an enemy and 1 damage to all other enemies.
Deal x damage to your hero.
Deal x damage to the enemy hero.
Deal x damage to all enemy minions.
Deal x damage to ALL characters.
Deal x damage to all enemies.
Deal x damage to ALL other characters. 
Deal x damage to ALL/all minions.
Deal x damage to each hero.







