 Look at the top three cards of your deck. Draw one and discard the others.
 Draw a card. That card costs (3) less.
 Whenever this minion takes damage, draw a card.
 Spell Damage +1. Deathrattle: Draw a card.
 Battlecry: Each player draws 2 cards.
 Whenever you cast a spell, draw a card.
 Deathrattle: Draw a card.
 Choose One - Deal 3 damage to a minion; or 1 damage and draw a card.
 Deal 1 damage to a minion. Draw a card.
 Destroy a minion. Your opponent draws 2 cards.
 Choose One - Gain 2 Mana Crystals; or Draw 3 cards.
 Draw 3 cards.
 Spell Damage +1. Battlecry: Draw a card.
 Draw cards until you have as many in hand as your opponent.
 Restore 8 Health. Draw 3 cards.
 Choose a minion. Whenever it attacks, draw a card.
 When this minion attacks, the player who blessed it draws a card.
 When this minion attacks, the enemy player draws a card.
 Draw a card and deal damage equal to its cost.
 Deal 2 damage to a minion. If it survives, draw a card.
 Draw a card for each damaged friendly character.
 All minions lose Stealth. Destroy all enemy Secrets. Draw a card.
 At the start of your turn, you have a 50% chance to draw an extra card.
 Battlecry: Destroy your opponent's weapon and draw cards equal to its Durability.
 At the end of your turn, draw a Dream Card.
 At the end of your turn, draw a card.
 Whenever one of your other minions dies, draw a card.
 Choose One - Draw 2 cards; or Restore 5 Health.
 Your minions can't be reduced below 1 Health this turn. Draw a card.
 Battlecry: Draw some cards. With a pen.
 Battlecry: Draw TWO cards. She's not a novice engineer./
 Draw 3 cards.
 Battlecry: Discard 3 cards, then draw 3 cards.
 At the start of your turn, destroy this minion and draw 3 cards.
 Deal 4 damage. Draw a card.
 Deathrattle: Your opponent draws a card.
 Both players draw 2 cards and gain a Mana Crystal.
 When you draw this, deal 2 damage to all characters.
 Draw a card.
 Choose One - Give each player a Mana Crystal; or Each player draws a card.
 Each player draws a card.
 Whenever another friendly Murloc dies, draw a card. Overload/: (1)
 Battlecry: Shuffle a Mine into your opponent's deck. When drawn, it explodes for 10 damage.
 When you draw this, it explodes. You take 10 damage and draw a card.
 Battlecry: Draw a card. If it's a minion, transform it into a Chicken.
 At the end of each player's turn, that player draws until they have 3 cards.

Draw x cards.